Revision en docs (#1323)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/online-payments/subscriptions/integration.en.md

| --- | --- |
| `reason` (required) | It is the description that the subscriber will see when making the subscription and the detail that will be seen in the card statement. |
| `auto_recurring.frequency` (required) | Indicates the length of time or cycle based on the type of frequency. |

> | `auto_recurring.frequency_type` (required) | Indicates the type of frequency. It can be by month (months) or day (days). <br><br> Along with the frequency, they define the installment cycle that a subscription will have. <br><br>For example, if every fifteen days you need to generate an installment to be charged it would look like this: `auto_recurring.frequency`: 15 y `auto_recurring.frequency_type`: days |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `auto_recurring.frequency_type` (required) | Indicates the type of frequency. It can be by monthly or daily. <br><br> Along with the frequency, they define the installment cycle that a subscription will have. <br><br>For example, if every fifteen days you need to generate an installment to be charged it would look like this: `auto_recurring.frequency`: 15 y `auto_recurring.frequency_type`: days |
```

> > ¿Do you have questions about how to create the payment token? Find all the information in the section of [Capture data from the card](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/online-payments/checkout-api/receiving-payment-by-card#bookmark_card_data_capture).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Do you have questions about how to create the payment token? Find all the information in the [Capture data from the card](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/online-payments/checkout-api/receiving-payment-by-card#bookmark_card_data_capture) section.
```
